[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause] The
practice of
monastic retreat, a three-month period of monastic life, dates back to the time of the Buddha.
During this three-month retreat, monks gather in
one place to practice self-cultivation,
strengthening their minds and bodies under the Buddha's guidance, cultivating merit
for the world, and practicing according to the Buddha's
teachings with the aspiration to protect the Three Jewels. During this
three-month retreat, Ms. Pham
Thi Yen and the Buddhist followers of the Golden Chrysanthemum Club and the
Golden Youth Club respectfully offered gifts and resources to monastic retreats
throughout the three regions of North, Central, and South Vietnam. With
sincere hearts, during the 2023 monastic retreat season,
we, the families, friends, and Buddhist followers, have gathered here. We respectfully
request that the
venerable monks, out of compassion for our benefit and happiness, accept
this offering so that
we may receive the merit and
blessings of the
venerable monks at the monastic retreats who have graced us with their
presence.  The devotion of Buddhists,
as the Venerable Master once said, is due to the development of Buddhism and the
flourishing of the
monastic community. The prosperity of the Zen monastery depends on the
generosity of
all Buddhist men and women. This is the main contribution to the
development of the monastic facilities of the Buddhist Sangha and the
provision of stable and adequate conditions for the monks to
practice during the three-month summer retreat
and subsequent periods. This is an immense merit, a blessing bestowed by the
Buddha.
Therefore, today, the Venerable Abbot and
Buddhists who have come from far away,
over 1,000 kilometers, have offered their
donations. These donations, each amounting to 500,000, 1,200, or 2,000,000 VND, are the result of their hard work and heartfelt devotion. This merit is
immeasurable; the
monetary value may be small, but the
sincerity, the spirit, the
responsibility, the encouragement, and the
motivation from the Venerable Abbot of
Ba Vang Pagoda, who personally came here, are truly immense.
Sitting here with us, even just
a picture can make the
monks feel the affection
and encouragement for their three-month retreat. The
monks are very happy and praise your merits,
regardless of the circumstances, whether in
times of decline or prosperity, in birth,
old age, sickness, or death. In any
circumstance, good deeds are
something we can preserve for a long time, following the
Buddha's teachings. Therefore, I
hope that our community will be
more diligent, trusting in the Buddha's teachings, the truth
of all ages.
Let us do good deeds and perform meritorious acts
as instructed by the Buddha. With the skillful guidance
of the Venerable Abbot of Ba Vang Pagoda, you are
fortunate to have such a
beautiful and auspicious place to practice
with such a wonderful community.
I also intended to come to
admire the pagoda and to pay my respects to the Venerable Abbot,
but I am very
fortunate to be welcomed here today.
[Music] [Music] [
Music]